{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw10320\paperh14580\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 4 The clarity on phone calls is amazing; the use as earphones for the mp3 section of the phone is nice, but not as clear as using noise canceling ear buds, but still pretty cool to have. The fit however, could be a lot better for my head; they are just not terribly comfortable.But don't misunderstand, I am keeping them and using them often, I just wish there was some kind of fit adjustment.\
4 Ive been using this product for over a year. The sound is great but the voice calls are not usable, but could be just the set I have.I use it for running and the gym. The only issues at the gym I have is on the seats of the machines or on a bench the back part of the bluetooth bumps against it pushing the headset out of my ears.I am happy with this headsets but there are many new and better style headsets out there now.\
1 I originally bought the S9's, which sounded O.K., but failed after one 30 minute workout with moderate sweating.  I said in a review of those that I was going to try the Jaybird's, but I liked the S9's so much that I decided to try the S9 HD's instead.  I had read that the S9 HD's were much improved in sweat resistance.  Not true.On the positive, I will say there is no comparison between the S9's and the S9 HD's as far as sound quality.  The HD's simply blow the older model away.  I was very happy with them initially, although I was so paranoid after my earlier short lived experience, that I found myself CONSTANTLY wiping the headphones off to make sure they didn't get wet while working out.  Well, even that didn't work.  Sadly after only 3 workouts, these too have failed.  This time the headphones themselves still function, as well as the volume controls, however the pause, phone, and forward/back controls have all failed.  Sigh...I really do want to like these headphones, but they are obviously not an appropriate product if you want to use them for workouts.  At least they had the decency to fail within the 30 day return period!This time I actually did order the Jaybirds instead.  I know they don't have the same audio quality as these do, but hopefully they will function for over a week!UPDATE:  I looked at my review this morning, and decided that I was too harsh in rating these 1 star (although I can't go back and change that).  They really are very good as far as sound quality, and if you aren't using them for workouts, then you will probably really like them.  It's just the only time I ever use headphones is during workouts, so for me at least they are unacceptable.\
4 Very portable, connects easily, relatively comfortable. Sound could be better but then I have been spoiled by those little earbuds that actually insert into the ear canal - you can't beat the sound on those. I have not had problems with these being sweatproof so far. I only need to recharge them every 6 or 7 uses.\
1 I decided to totally rewrite this review. I finally started using these again hoping I could cope with the worst bluetooth range I have ever seen to date, and sorry, I can't take it.Pros:The sound quality is great. It's some of the best I've ever had for Bluetooth Headphones.I haven't had sweat problems at the gym like other people seem to have had.They are very lightweight, although it would be nicer if it was lower so you could lay down with them on.Cons:The rubber glue holding the power button rubber unglued itself.The battery life is about 5 hours... not bad for the size, but not really that great either.Motorola technical support is some of the worst ever conceived, it's a joke to even call it that.They bend pretty easy - if you take these on a road trip, make sure they don't have /any/ weight on them. Mine bent to the left pretty heavy and took some time to bend back.But the real meat and potatoes is that THESE HAVE THE WORST WIRELESS RANGE IN THE HISTORY OF WIRELESS.I have to put my phone in my hood to get the sound to not cut out nonstop. Pockets? Sorry, you are SOL. Like working out? It works, kind of. Biking with your phone in your pocket is a long lost dream. I didn't buy these - My HT820 (which by the way was AMAZING compared to these) went in for warranty, and they sent me these back. No charger, no manual, nothing but these in a box (and they weren't even bubble wrapped!) and then when I contacted them about it, they said my warranty had expired. That might be due to the fact that it TOOK NEARLY 3 WEEKS to get a response. Getting an RMA on my previous set so bad that I am never buying Motorola again.Overall, I really dislike these headphones because there is no practical use. Look at the 1 star reviews, and you'll see what I have.I cannot repeat this enough: DO NOT BUY THESE, SAVE YOURSELF THE HORRORS OF THIS PIECE OF TRASH (for lack of better words)Update: I have upgraded to the Nokia BH-905i - I like BT headphones and I'm not going to throw my money away on another pair of these losers. The sound doesn't cut out on my (new) phone with the new pair - it still does with the old (these). When I did upgrade my phone (from when I wrote the top part of this review), I tested out the BT range, and sadly, the problem did lie in these headphones. I want to like them, but with all of the problems, there is nothing about these to like.\
1 This is the first bluetooth headset that I bought. The first few days it worked ok but I noticed I had to recharge it after every couple of hours that was used. Then I started hearing a lot of static noice (I was not walking around, sitting next to my laptop). Bottom line, don't waste your money, there is a reason this headset was so cheap. Who knows maybe a more expensive one does a better job.\
5 I am a runner and have been using these headphones for the past four years with different devices on the treadmill in the gym as well as outdoors. Currently I use them with my iPhone 4S, with which this headset paired effortlessly. However I am now on my third headset.After about a year the battery did not seem to be holding a charge, and I got a replacement headset. I see from other reviews that other people have also had some battery issues, though I have no idea how widespread that is.Soon after getting that replacement I started going to a gym where the treadmill area was not well ventilated and tended to be humid. I got drenched in sweat and so did the headset. The volume control stopped working (it was stuck on the highest volume) and there was static coming out of one of the ear buds. Fortunately it was not too late to get another free replacement from the store where I purchased them.I note that all electronic items can be "zapped" by moisture unless they are specifically designed to be water resistant. It appears that this headset is not. It never was an issue for me until I started running indoors at my first gym. I have since switched gyms, and my new gym is well ventilated. I also wear the Buff (which I have reviewed on Amazon) when I run. Since this covers my entire head and is great for absorbing sweat, including sweat on the back of my neck, the sweat is no longer an issue for me.Note: If you want a corded headset to use when sweat will be an issue, I suggest the Sennheiser PMX 70, which I have reviewed on Amazon.In any event, my latest headset has been working just fine for the past three years.Before purchasing this headset, you should keep some things in mind.First, depending on what device you use, it may be necessary to buy a separate blue tooth adapter (I had to do that when I used this headset with an iPod).Second, if you wear glasses, it works best to put the headset on first and the glasses on second. The glasses won't fit quite as snugly as they normally do, but for exercise it will be fine. I found that if I put my sunglasses on first, the headset did not fit as snugly in my ears, with a resulting loss in sound. The same thing applies if you wear a headband or bandana--put the headset on first.Third, since the headset is curved in the back, if you wear anything with a collar that sticks up in the back, the collar will push against the headset, which will come slightly out of its position in your ears. So wearing the headset with a ski jacket won't work very well. With a thinner collar, you will occasionally have to reposition the headset as the collar pushes against it. Also, if you wear a ski hat to run, you will not be able to pull it down over your ears.Fourth, because of the back of the neck design, you will not be able to use this headset comfortably to lay on your back (like on a blanket at the beach, a couch in your den, a chaise lounge by the pool) or to sit in a reclining position with your head back (like in a car or airplane). Likewise you will need to remove it to use certain equipment at the gym, like the situp bench.All in all I am very satisfied with this product now that I have resolved the sweat issue.Update March 17, 2012: I figured out how to use this headset comfortably to lay on my back. Turn the headset upside down (So the M now looks like a W), put it in back of your head, and put the earbuds into your ears without looping anything over your hears like you usually do. The back of the headset will now be flush against your neck, and you can comfortably lay back on a beach chair etc. Keep in mind that now the phone button and volume controls will be on your right ear instead of your left ear. I can't believe that I didn't think of this sooner.\
1 Actually no it kept turning off and on and i dont know the reason so yea it didnt work it was a really very bad one ! Sorry\
5 I bought this battery replacement kit from BestDealsUSA for my Apple iPhone 3G.  The kit arrived with all the tools necessary, although it would have been more helpful if the screwdrivers were magnetic.  As for installation directions, I just followed videos posted on YouTube and it took me about 45 minutes to complete (I could have finished earlier but those tiny screws were hard for me to handle).After installing the battery, I re-calibrated the iPhone with the new battery by doing the following:1.  Reset the iPhone by pressing and holding the Sleep/Wake button and the Home button for at least 10 seconds until the Apple logo appears (you will not lose any apps or data stored on the iPhone).2.  Drained the battery until the iPhone shuts off automatically (by playing music, videos, games, making phone calls, etc).3.  Fully charge the iPhone (yes, you may use it while charging).After two days, I can definitely say the new battery is holding up very well on my iPhone.  Let's see how it does after a month or so...\
3 I put this battery in a troubled phone, and after lots of tinkering the phone still died. So I can't tell for sure whether the battery had anything to do with that. But I love the tools! I've taken apart and fixed about 5 iphones with these tools. It's hard to find a small Philips screwdriver for the iPhone.\
4 Not much to say about this other than... Loooong delivery time but worked as expected.Hurry and make the switch to Android before you invest too much more into the Apple market. ;)You don't have to go through all this torture to change an Android battery!\
5 It comes without instructions so I watched videos and tutorials from few places.Make sure to reattach the camera to the back of the board before assembling back.Works great and battery performance is excellent!\
5 My original G1 battery was definitely bad since the charge lasted only a couple hours.  So far this new battery works great and holds a charge for the entire day like it normally should.  The price was great too!\
5 I needed to replace my old battery because I needed a phone after my daily one broke on me.  This battery was way better than the stock one that was given .\
3 It worked really well for like the 1st  month or so and then it just stopped holding a long charge.it still works..dont get me wrong..but the life severely decreased..my average heavy usage day i would get at the LEAST 6hrs before im in the yellow..now its more like 1 and a half hours now. Instead of investing in more off brand product i decided to buy a new phone.\
5 Other reviewers nailed it.  Great battery, great life for a power hungry phone.  Wish the phone were more efficient, but it is good enough for me.  I bought two batteries and a cradle/battery charger and now I'm always good with power.  The set is worth the cost, keeping two batteries moving is the way to go.\
1 Have bought from this same product link 6 months ago, and that one was OK.  This latest purchase, however, only lasted about 3 weeks, and now it does not hold a charge, drops rapidly to zero after a couple of hours.  Again, the one from six months ago is fine on the same phone.\
5 Priced very good considering that it works as the original (OEM) battery on the phone.Have been using it for four months and it holds it charge as the first time. If it last a year is more than worth the price considering that the OEM cost more than twice the price of this unit.\
4 Good battery great price.  Last battery was dying within a couple of hours, new battery last the day.  G1 is just a power hog.  I would recommend this battery.\
1 I recently ordered a new battery from another seller for my friends G1 which was no longer holding a charge. The battery worked better than expected. My G1 battery began to die quickly even with limited use so I figured I'd get a new battery for mine as well. This battery did not work as well as the other I ordered. This battery seems to work just as bad as the original one I've had for a few years.When I received it, it had about 70% life and I decided to fully charge it and then let it completely die before recharging. I've been using it for a few days and I charge it fully each night. By the end of the day, which is around 5 or 6pm for me, it's down to less than 20%. I rarely use my phone during the day while I'm at work. I even tried taking off the autosync feature to save battery life. Last night as usual I fully charged the battery. I've checked my email and received/sent a few text messages. It's now noon and the battery is at 44%!I believe there are some lower priced batteries out there that actually work. I don't think this is one of them. Try at your own risk. I'm just thankful I didn't spend alot on this.\
}